---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sccfm_asa_device Data Source - sccfm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ASA data source
---

# sccfm_asa_device (Data Source)

ASA data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the device. This is the name displayed on the Firewall Security Devices page on Security Cloud Control. Device names are unique across a SCC Firewall Manager tenant.

### Read-Only

- `connector_type` (String) The type of the connector that is used to communicate with the device. SCC Firewall Manager can communicate with your device using either a Cloud Connector (CDG) or a Secure Device Connector (SDC); see [the SCC Firewall Manager documentation](https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/c-connect-cisco-defense-orchestratortor-the-secure-device-connector.html) to learn more (Valid values: [CDG, SDC]).
- `grouped_labels` (Map of Set of String) The grouped labels applied to the device. Labels are used to group devices in CDO. Refer to the [SCC Firewall Manager documentation](https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.
- `host` (String) The host used to connect to the device.
- `id` (String) Universally unique identifier of the device.
- `ignore_certificate` (Boolean) This attribute indicates whether certificates were ignored when onboarding this device.
- `labels` (List of String) The labels applied to the device. Labels are used to group devices in CDO. Refer to the [SCC Firewall Manager documentation](https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.
- `port` (Number) The port used to connect to the device.
- `sdc_name` (String) The name of the Secure Device Connector (SDC) that is used by SCC Firewall Manager to communicate with the device. This value will be empty if the device was onboarded using a Cloud Connector (CDG).
- `socket_address` (String) The address of the device to onboard, specified in the format `host:port`.
