---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sccfm_ftd_device Resource - sccfm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Firewall Threat Defense device resource. Use this to onboard, update, and delete FTDs on SCC Firewall Manager. This resource does not complete the onboarding of an FTD into SCC Firewall Manager and cdFMC. It creates a FTD device entry in the SCC Firewall Security Devices inventory, and generates a registration command (see the generated_command attribute) that needs to be pasted into the FTD CLI (see step 10 here https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/c_onboard-an-ftd.html#!t-onboard-an-ftd-device-with-regkey.html). To finish adding the FTD device to SCC Firewall Manager and cdFMC, use the cdo_ftd_device_onboarding resource after you have applied this resource.
---

# sccfm_ftd_device (Resource)

Provides a Firewall Threat Defense device resource. Use this to onboard, update, and delete FTDs on SCC Firewall Manager. This resource does not complete the onboarding of an FTD into SCC Firewall Manager and cdFMC. It creates a FTD device entry in the SCC Firewall Security Devices inventory, and generates a registration command (see the `generated_command` attribute) that needs to be pasted into the FTD CLI (see **step 10** [here](https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/c_onboard-an-ftd.html#!t-onboard-an-ftd-device-with-regkey.html)). To finish adding the FTD device to SCC Firewall Manager and cdFMC, use the `cdo_ftd_device_onboarding` resource after you have applied this resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_policy_name` (String) The name of the Cloud-Delivered FMC (cdFMC) access policy that will be used by the FTD.
- `licenses` (Set of String) Comma-separated list of licenses to apply to this FTD. You must enable at least the "BASE" license. Allowed values are: ["BASE", "CARRIER", "THREAT", "MALWARE", "URLFilter",].
- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the Firewall Threat Defense (FTD). This name must be unique.
- `virtual` (Boolean) This determines if this FTD is virtual. If false, performance_tier is ignored as performance tiers are not applicable to physical FTD devices.

### Optional

- `grouped_labels` (Map of Set of String) Specify a map of grouped labels to identify the device as part of a group. Refer to the [SCC Firewall Manager documentation](https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in SCC Firewall Manager.
- `labels` (Set of String) Specify a set of labels to identify the device as part of a group. Refer to the [SCC Firewall Manager documentation](https://docs.manage.security.cisco.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in SCC Firewall Manager.
- `performance_tier` (String) The performance tier of the virtual FTD, if virtual is set to false, this field is ignored as performance tiers are not applicable to physical FTD devices. Allowed values are: ["FTDv5", "FTDv10", "FTDv20", "FTDv30", "FTDv50", "FTDv100", "FTDv"].

### Read-Only

- `access_policy_id` (String) The ID of the cloud-delivered FMC (cdFMC) access policy applied to this FTD.
- `generated_command` (String) The command to run in the FTD CLI to register it with the cloud-delivered FMC (cdFMC).
- `hostname` (String) The Hostname of the cloud-delivered FMC (cdFMC) manages this FTD.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the device. This is a UUID and is automatically generated when the device is created.
- `nat_id` (String) The Network Address Translation (NAT) ID of this FTD.
- `reg_key` (String) The Registration Key of this FTD.
